Add --include-directory option (#565)
systemd/mkosi: mkosi.md

  but a directory `mkosi.builddir/` exists in the local directory it
  is automatically used for this purpose (also see below).

`--include-directory`

: Takes a path of a directory to use as the include directory. This
  directory is mounted at /usr/include when building the build image
  and when running the build script. This means all include files
  installed to /usr/include will be stored in this directory. This is
  useful to make include files available on the host system for use by

>   language servers to provide intellisense. If this option is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  language servers to provide code completion. If this option is not
```
